ZIZO. ZIZO. ZIZO.
The realm is falling apart. We know this- and yet we continue anyways.
Scent of rot and shit; my feet find fetid ground. A corpse- I am living on a corpse. And then the world is normal again.
The Valorian Orthodox Church believe in the mighty Psydon, and that he will rise once more and save the world from the Archdaemons. This is however confounded: the Pantheonic Ten are surely the supreme beings..
Dae is far less dangerous than Night; Astrata’s gaze is far more searing to all forms of evils in a direct burn.
The Archdaemonic followers are hellbent on returning the four Devils to this realm to wreak havoc upon all of us. This shall not come to pass- they must either be brought to hell and returned to the light, or destroyed.
The Pantheonic Ten are less responsive to prayer than the daemonic. This, however, is simply a test of faith.
Butter is the favored snack for a hungry citizen!
I can jump further by getting a running start. Mind the overshoot.
A CORPSE; I AM LIVING ON A FUCKING CORPSE.
A torch should be kept dry, and a blade sharp.
The key to a long life is knowing when to run.
Xylix's gift to mortals was the humble tarot deck, allowing them to divine the fates of reality themselves.
Dendor's madness is enigmatic at best, and malicious at worst. There is no true way to understand beyond accepting it.
If two spirits were in the Underworld, and one killed the other with a rock, would that be fucked up or what?
THERE IS A TUMOR DIRECTLY BEHIND MY RIGHT EYEBALL; I NEED TO REACH IN AND CLAW IT OUT BEFORE IT FUCKING EATS ME.
Necrans despise deadites and wish them exterminated or cured; Pestrans wish them cured of their rot.
The divines smile upon your prayers in front of a psycross, but never mention them the name of the Daemon.
Ravox stands for justice, not murder.
Malum used to carry a divine hammer that gave life to all material things that Beowricke was built upon. It is now lost to history.
Eora stands for far more than familial love- but frowns upon those who break matrimony.
The Archdaemon Graggar represents all unbridled bloodlust and rage; an almost extreme opposite to Ravoxians.
For the entire world, the Bloodwake was seen as a cataclysmic event that shook reality to its core and brought everything to its knees. For the Archdaemons, it was taking one step of many.
The Archdaemon ZIZO represents unbridled ambition and unchecked arcyne magic. In recent yils her power waned as the arcyne began to become rarer, however a spike in cultists has been observed since the civil war.
Gaze upon the mighty empire of NAEXIDOR, ye mighty, and weep!
The Archdaemon Matthios represents unbridled envy, and is the patron of all thieves and bandit-cultists. With the increase in banditry, his power has grown significantly. Much to your detriment.
The Archdaemon Baotha represents unrestrained lust and degeneracy- a firm believer in drowning your sorrows in ale, drugs, and women. Despite her less malicious sounding nature, she is quite possibly one of the worst. I wouldn't think too much about that, though.
THE FIRE IS GONE.
LOOK UP TO PEOPLE WHO ARE GOOD AT VIOLENCE; THEY CARRY WILL OF GODS AND RECIEVE PUNISHMENT OF HELL BEYOND HELLS.
Lyndvhar is one of the most important ports on the eastern coast of the Kingdom of Lyndhardtia. Due to its unique location and distance, it has been spared from most of the destruction of the civil war. So far.
...well, that's what comes of too much Spice and liquor!
She was the happiest corpse I'd ever seen.
That was a rough nite. I hope that never happens again.
Is having this many strange races and faces all living together despite yils of bad blood a good idea? No? Oh well.
Weocilyn is a close barony to Lyndhvar- often times the nobility would intermarry into eachother. They are far more accepting of the unchosen than us.
There are no secret shrines to the Archdaemons in Lyndvhar. Stop worrying about it.
An apocalyptic war capable of rending all the realm apart; oh, how terrible its power was! And Psydon's power, ever so noble and strong! Yet now He slumbers, unaware of the fruits His efforts came to give. And He sighs. And He weeps.
The Pantheon will have you think we are powerless, and that we are nothing; but that is a lie.
I AM OLDER THAN AEON. I AM SIN, FATHER OF LIES. I HAVE GONE BY MANY NAMES. SAY THEM AND WEEP, FOR I AM ALL THAT THEY ARE.
Rot piled up to my feet, smell of death, quietly-crept decay from the Godhead 'neath I.
It's a good idea to bandage and suture arterial wounds as soon as possible. Death happens slowly, and then all at once.
Gripping bleeding bodyparts makes them bleed slower. Remember this- it may be important later.
If the crown of the Viscount were to fall, nothing but death and destruction would likely follow. This must not ever pass.
If the Priesthood of Lyndvhar were to fall, it would give way for the cultists of the daemons to gain a foothold. This must not be allowed.
I SEE LIGHT, THEN IT FLASHES, AND THEN IT DESTROYS.
The Rhaenvali Confederacy invades from the north, orcs invade from the southwest, the Ziggurat raids the coasts, and Grenzelhoft seems increasingly likely to attack. I'm sure everything is fine, though.
A tale is but half told when only one person tells it.
When the words come, they are merely empty shells without the music. They live as they are sung, for the words are the body and the music the spirit.
Do there exist many worlds, or is there but a single world?
For even he who is most greedy for knowledge can achieve no greater perfection than to be thoroughly aware of his own ignorance in his particular field.
Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.
Letters are signs of things, symbols of words, whose power is so great that without a voice they speak to us the words of the absent; for they introduce words by the eye, not by the ear.
The world is divided into men who have wit and no religion and men who have religion and no wit.
The eye through which I see Psydon is the same eye through which Psydon sees me; my eye and Psydon’s eye are one eye, one seeing, one knowing, one love.
Against the disease of writing one must take special precautions, since it is a dangerous and contagious disease.
As long as there's two people left on Beowricke, one of those idiots is going to want the other idiot dead.
THE HOLY PANTHEONIC GOSPEL RADIATES THROUGH MY HEAD. NOT ALL IS YET LOST.
THERE ARE WORMS IN MY SKIN.
Greencrest is a Kingdom to the Southwest of Lyndhardtia that is entirely ruled by a caste of noble Elves.
Little is known about Khazumia. What we do know of the Khaliphate is its ferocity and danger it poses should it become aggressive. Let us hope it stays in its isolation.
You know, I heard there was a realm somewhere in the world entirely conquered by Zizonic worshippers. That must not be true, right?
I often get tired of hearing voices in my head, too, don't worry.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?
There are many beasts to be found in the ocean. Sailing is a horrifically dangerous occupation- but it pays extremely well.
Lyndvhar has not heard from the rest of the realm for a long time. The roads are silent.
The Eskallian tribes hate one another. That is why filling the Garrison with them would be quite funny- do it.
The more sensible Goblins are less Goblin and more the term "Hobgoblin". They are much more amicable than the ones in caves.
Do not let them decieve you. Do not let them trick you. Do not let them play you. Do not trust anyone. You can't trust anyone. You are on your own.
Drank too much last night. I'm seeing that thing in the corner of my eye again. You see it too, don't you? It's right there. Turn around.
Do there exist many worlds, or is there but a single world?
Had I been present at the Creation, I would have given some useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
When the words come, they are merely empty shells without the music. They live as they are sung, for the words are the body and the music the spirit.
Nothing is sweeter than love, nothing higher, nothing stronger, nothing larger, nothing more joyful, nothing fuller, and nothing better in heaven or in this realm.
Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.
For even he who is most greedy for knowledge can achieve no greater perfection than to be thoroughly aware of his own ignorance in his particular field. The more be known, the more aware he will be of his ignorance.
Justice is the constant and perpetual wish to render every one his due.
No more things should be presumed to exist than are absolutely necessary.
Does it make you brave to stick your hand in a volf's mouth? Would you do it again just because you didn't die?
Lying is a thriving vocation.
I remember the fire, it burns bright, always around me. I close my eyes, and tears stream out. The tides of the past seize me, bear me out to sea.
Today is the dae!
The shadows reach out- almost as if to grasp you- and then they are gone. A horrible omen.
Maybe it would be best to not think about what is happening. You'll hurt yourself.
A vision flashes in your eyes- familiarity. And just as quickly as that light forms- it vanishes. How peculiar.
Forvheipal is a realm to the far east in Yoheon. Ruled by a caste of Vulpkian and Lupian, it is one of the largest exporters of slaves.
The Blade Dancers of Zybantu are some of the most famous mercenaries in Beowricke.
The Zaprixys Order are the largest exporter of battle-thrall slaves to the highest bidder across Beowricke. Many have even found themselves in Lyndvhar, despite current circumstances.
Grenzelhoft worships none. While they still acknowledge the existence of Gods, they bow to none. Peculiar, isn't it?
It is believed that the Axians are so protective of the waterways because there is a large unfathomable empire below the waves. If this is true, then none have spoken about it who come back alive from the seas- not even inland Axians.
Honestly, I don't trust all these foreigners walking around. Why are there so many of them, actually?
If someone disrespects the nobility, perhaps you should punish them.
TENS, HUNDREDS, THOUSANDS. MILLIONS. ALL WILL PERISH.
DEATH OF BILLIONS: A MERE STATISTIC. IN THE WAKE OF BLOOD- ALL MATTER LITTLE.
A second coming is on the horizon.
The kingdoms of Saltlia answer to the Xinyi-Duvalti, respectively. After defeating the Xuefeng Clan in the notorious "Xinyi revolt", they proclaimed their mandate over the realm of Yandashi.
The Kargradi are some of the best martial warriors in southern Yoheon.
Celestia is considered the language of the Gods, and used commonly in sermon.
Infernal is considered the language of the Daemons, and often seen as anathema.
Rhaenval is less a kingdom itself and more a region filled with numerous tribes. They all form a confederation in opposition to the Ruby Empire.
Imperial is the most spoken tongue of the world, thanks to the cultural assimilation efforts of Naexidor.
Eyes dart across the sky- then to the ground. What could this mean?
There is more than meets the eye in some underground locations.
The Underdark is considered one of the most dangerous regions of the entirety of Beowricke.
Mt Decapitation has not erupted for hundreds of yils. That may change.
Dubbed the Ruby War, the conflict raging and destroying the Empire as brought everything to its knees. What will happen at its end is unknown, but the collapse has already happened. How much worse could it get?
While ruins dot the regions surrounding the city, their reason for existing may be found in books- old tomes..
Rest easy in your bed. Dreams may be more abhorrent than expected.
Death is swift and may be unexpected. Never be caught offguard.
This world is not forgiving for the naive soul. Keep your friends close in travels.
Keeping a low profile in the wilderness may keep prying eyes from ambushing you.
Never challenge a Cervaline archer in a competition with a bow.
While the Capridae are usually a rather calm and collected sort, it is still unwise to make one mad.
Rhaeteian wings are rumored to actually be decently edible, but why would anyone know this?
Avoid the waking nightmares.
Before me opened the waking eyes of the GODS themselves, and I wept- for I was nothing.
Some parts of the Ruby Empire worship Naexidor as an eleventh God, having been raised to deity for his conquest at Ravox's side. But that's heresy, isn't it?
Keep yourself well-fed, and well-rested. You wouldn't want to be caught off-guard while starving, would you?
Some stories are best left forgotten.
Fogbeasts are remarkably rare steeds- many having never seen one in their entire lives. In ancient histories before the Bloodwake, however, such animals were described abundantly. What could have happened to those poor, proud creatures?
The plains open up- to a flood of blood. The thickness is drowning- and then you open your eyes.
We are always watching.
Aevislan is probably nice this time of yil.
The Fool's Flagon is the largest place of gathering in the city.
If you can't find work, you can always make a posting.
Horrible, just awful.
There is always something to find in rock. Minerals are a-plenty in this region.
Beowricke is the realm of lyfe that all mortals find themselves in.
The world is separated into two continents- Llewyn and Yoheon. You're currently standing in Llewyn.
The Splitstern Sea is one of the only bodies of water in the world that is relatively safe to traverse. Thankfully- it is between the two continents, allowing travel between them.
What lies outside of the maps?
Noc hates those who destroy knowledge.
Astrata's order is not one to be challenged, lest you face the pyre.
Some of the most renowned physicians in the Empire are Pestrans.
